# Student-result-management-system-project-in-PHP-and-MYSQL
Using PHP and MySQL as the software development platform, this software offers a web-based and mobile-based solution that is fast, convenient, flexible, secure, and offers excellent service to students. The student result management system project is designed to generate automated results based on the data collected from students. It should be noted that there is both a mobile application and a website included in the overall project. There is a database that manages the store's activities and information, as well as a front end that displays all the relevant information in the database concerning the students and school administration, such as results and reports, that are kept in the database. Besides providing information about the student result management system Php, the website also contains other information.Students, teachers, guardians, and administrators communicate easily using the student result management system PHP. It is important to note that there are many functions associated with the source code of the student result management system written in PHP which can be handled by this software gracefully. This solution is renowned for its comprehensiveness due to its high degree of scalability and configurability. In order to provide schools, colleges, and universities with an alternative to conventional paper-based exam results evaluation reporting and distribution, the student result management system project in PHP provides an alternative to traditional paper-based exam results evaluation reporting and distribution. In the same way as there are advantages and disadvantages to any other piece of software, the online result management system project in PHP has its own advantages and disadvantages. The software application unravels and accelerates the result management system by providing the administration with a secure database to store, evaluate, and publish test scores. A further benefit of the database is that students will be able to view their exam results online at any time when needed. It has been found that the use of automated results management and examination management software solves, adjusts, and eliminates some of the problems associated with traditional results management. As a primary objective of the system, it is to provide the students with as accurate and fundamental of answers as possible. In addition to that, administrators, teachers, professors, and staff can modify and assess marks for students based on their needs. Student results will be communicated in an efficient and simple manner through this student result management system project. As part of the report on the result management system project, a PHP script manages the academic status of each student by monitoring their academic progress. It is necessary to maintain the grades of each student per subject and grade level in the student result management system, which is written in PHP and MySQL, in order to carry out periodic grading for each student. The student will receive a grade after completing a topic, and based on that grade, the student will be classified as a failed or a passed student. In the course of its development, the student result management system source code in PHP is based on best practices found in the public secondary schools of the region with a view to preserving and managing student records in the most efficient manner possible. A simple and quick way to get results in a simple manner will be provided for students and institutions in the course of this student result management system project in PHP and MySQL. The first thing that needs to be understood is that a result analyzer is a tool that is used in order to display the results in a safe manner as it displays the subject status as well as the marks. It is intended for the students to be able to use a student result management system that is written in PHP and MySQL. A privilege that is provided to students at this level is to have the ability to read and execute the results that he/she has obtained by providing his/her username and password, as well as the ability to register if the student is a new student. In contrast, a guest user has only the ability to read the content of the site, so he is not able to do anything else.
